Implement converters for System.Net.Http.HttpMethod (#514)
Qowaiv/Qowaiv: README.md

Represents a pattern to match strings, using wildcard characters ? and *. It 
also support the use of SQL wildcard characters _ and %.

> ## Extensions on .NET build-in types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extensions on .NET built-in types
```

For types that are shipped with the .NET standard library that meet (most) SVO

> cryteria, Qowaiv can offer some extenions to improove usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
criteria, Qowaiv can offer some extensions to improve usage.
```
